# SBSPS-Challenge-4335-Smart-Ticketing-System
Milestone Gamma: App for the project
The next step is to create an app for the project. This app is used to say the bus timings based on the boarding and dropping points given by the user using the GPS which is fixed in every bus so that the timings can be accurate. I am going to explain the user interface created by myself. The main page of this app contains an image of a bus and on the top, it says “Welcome to the future of bus travel” and below the image it has a hint to click the image to proceed to the next screen. In the next screen we have the login page. This page has a text box to enter the username and the password which is entered by the user. After entering the username and the password it checks whether the username is correct by comparing it with the database which we have created to store the user information in IBM cloud. After the verification of the password a new page will open. In that new page it has a title of “Bus timings using GPS” and it has two labels and two text boxes. The first label has the boarding point which can be detected using a location sensor and the boarding point will be automatically filled. But the user has the option to enter his own boarding point which can be entered in the first text box. The next label is the dropping point where the passenger can enter his dropping point using the text box 2. After entering his boarding and dropping points he can click the button named	“Bus timings” and it will show the bus timings. The user interface module has been uploaded in the git hub repository.
